# Agenda Builder

So far, we have created a website which doesn't really take advantage of being a single page application. In this exercise, we will update our website to allow the user to build their own agenda if they are logged in!

## The pieces you need

## Prisma

You will need to add a new table to your database to store the user's agenda. You can do this by adding a new model to `prisma/schema.prisma`.

## getUser

In `src/utils/auth.server.ts` there is a function called `getUser` which will return the user if they are logged in. If they are not logged in, it will return `null`.

> **Warning**
> NEVER return the user object directly from your loader, you might expose sensitive information. Always return a subset of the user object.

## useFetcher hook

The useFetcher remix hook allows you to dynamically call a remix route outside the normal page navigation flow of your app. For example, you can create a `routes/agenda-builder.add.tsx` route which exposes an `action` to add a session to the user's agenda. You can then use the `useSubmit` hook to submit the form when the user clicks a button.

https://remix.run/docs/en/main/hooks/use-fetcher

## Sessions

Session storage is a proven method for storing data for a user which can be accessed during all server calls. It's useful for storing tokens, information about the current user, and other data which is needed for the current session.

### flash

Data stored in the session can be done so using the `flash` method as well as the `set` method. The difference is that data stored with `flash` will be deleted after it is accessed.

It's perfect for adding a success toast message after a user adds a session to their agenda.

https://remix.run/docs/en/1.17.1/utils/sessions#sessionflashkey-value

## Goals

Now that you have the new pieces you need, it's time to build the agenda builder using the skills you have learnt so far.

* Create a new route `agenda-builder.tsx`
* Add a button to each session which allows the user to add the session to their agenda.
* Indicate on each session if it is in the user's agenda.